Sun Jan 07 23:46:43 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:22)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.service.SigInService.pathFile(SigInService.java:28)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:8)
Sun Jan 07 23:46:43 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:22)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.service.SigInService.pathFile(SigInService.java:28)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:8)
Sun Jan 07 23:46:43 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:22)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.service.SigInService.pathFile(SigInService.java:28)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:8)
Sun Jan 07 23:46:43 MSK 2024->invalid financial document name
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:18)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:22)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.service.SigInService.pathFile(SigInService.java:28)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:8)
Sun Jan 07 23:46:43 MSK 2024->invalid financial document name
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:18)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:22)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.service.SigInService.pathFile(SigInService.java:28)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:8)
Sun Jan 07 23:59:42 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.service.SigInService.pathFile(SigInService.java:28)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:8)
Sun Jan 07 23:59:42 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.service.SigInService.pathFile(SigInService.java:28)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:8)
Sun Jan 07 23:59:42 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.service.SigInService.pathFile(SigInService.java:28)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:8)
Sun Jan 07 23:59:42 MSK 2024->invalid financial document name
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:18)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.service.SigInService.pathFile(SigInService.java:28)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:8)
Sun Jan 07 23:59:42 MSK 2024->invalid financial document name
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:18)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.service.SigInService.pathFile(SigInService.java:28)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:8)
Mon Jan 08 00:04:59 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.service.SigInService.pathFile(SigInService.java:28)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:8)
Mon Jan 08 00:07:36 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:24)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.service.SigInService.pathFile(SigInService.java:28)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:8)
Mon Jan 08 00:07:36 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:24)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.service.SigInService.pathFile(SigInService.java:28)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:8)
Mon Jan 08 00:07:36 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:24)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.service.SigInService.pathFile(SigInService.java:28)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:8)
Mon Jan 08 00:07:36 MSK 2024->invalid financial document name
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:18)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:24)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.service.SigInService.pathFile(SigInService.java:28)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:8)
Mon Jan 08 00:07:36 MSK 2024->invalid financial document name
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:18)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:24)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.service.SigInService.pathFile(SigInService.java:28)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:8)
Mon Jan 08 00:10:06 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:24)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.service.SigInService.pathFile(SigInService.java:28)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:8)
Mon Jan 08 00:10:33 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:24)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.service.SigInService.pathFile(SigInService.java:28)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:8)
Mon Jan 08 00:12:25 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:24)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.service.SigInService.pathFile(SigInService.java:28)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:8)
Mon Jan 08 00:13:30 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:24)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.service.SigInService.pathFile(SigInService.java:28)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:8)
Mon Jan 08 00:13:30 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:24)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.service.SigInService.pathFile(SigInService.java:28)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:8)
Mon Jan 08 00:13:30 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:24)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.service.SigInService.pathFile(SigInService.java:28)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:8)
Mon Jan 08 00:13:30 MSK 2024->invalid financial document name
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:18)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:24)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.service.SigInService.pathFile(SigInService.java:28)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:8)
Mon Jan 08 00:13:30 MSK 2024->invalid financial document name
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:18)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:24)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.service.SigInService.pathFile(SigInService.java:28)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:8)
Mon Jan 08 00:17:26 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:24)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.service.SigInService.pathFile(SigInService.java:28)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:8)
Mon Jan 08 00:17:26 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:24)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.service.SigInService.pathFile(SigInService.java:28)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:8)
Mon Jan 08 00:17:26 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:24)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.service.SigInService.pathFile(SigInService.java:28)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:8)
Mon Jan 08 00:17:26 MSK 2024->invalid financial document name
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:18)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:24)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.service.SigInService.pathFile(SigInService.java:28)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:8)
Mon Jan 08 00:17:26 MSK 2024->invalid financial document name
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:18)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:24)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.service.SigInService.pathFile(SigInService.java:28)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:8)
Thu Jan 11 18:31:13 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:34)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:31:13 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:34)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:31:13 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:34)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:31:13 MSK 2024->invalid financial document name
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:18)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:34)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:31:13 MSK 2024->invalid financial document name
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:18)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:34)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:34:42 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:34)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:34:42 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:34)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:34:42 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:34)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:34:42 MSK 2024->invalid financial document name
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:18)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:34)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:34:42 MSK 2024->invalid financial document name
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:18)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:34)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:36:26 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:34)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:37:38 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:34)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:38:10 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:34)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:38:10 MSK 2024->invalid financial document name
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:18)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:34)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:38:10 MSK 2024->invalid financial document name
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:18)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:34)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:39:10 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:34)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:39:10 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:34)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:39:10 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:34)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:39:10 MSK 2024->invalid financial document name
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:18)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:34)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:39:10 MSK 2024->invalid financial document name
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:18)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:34)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:39:49 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:34)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:40:01 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:34)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:40:01 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:34)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:40:01 MSK 2024->invalid financial document name
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:18)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:34)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:40:01 MSK 2024->invalid financial document name
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:18)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:34)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:41:44 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:31)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:41:44 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:31)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:41:44 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:31)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:41:44 MSK 2024->invalid financial document name
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:18)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:31)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:41:44 MSK 2024->invalid financial document name
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:18)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:31)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:42:09 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:31)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:42:09 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:31)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:42:09 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:31)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:42:09 MSK 2024->invalid financial document name
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:18)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:31)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:42:09 MSK 2024->invalid financial document name
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:18)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:31)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:43:25 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:31)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:43:26 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:31)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:43:26 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:31)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:43:26 MSK 2024->invalid financial document name
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:18)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:31)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:43:26 MSK 2024->invalid financial document name
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:18)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:31)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:44:38 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:31)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:44:51 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:31)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:44:51 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:31)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:44:51 MSK 2024->invalid year
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:12)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:31)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:44:51 MSK 2024->invalid financial document name
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:18)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:31)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
Thu Jan 11 18:44:51 MSK 2024->invalid financial document name
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.validation.FileValidation.fileValidate(FileValidation.java:18)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.controller.pars_document.FileParser.filePars(FileParser.java:31)
com.teachmeskills.mycourse.Runner.main(Runner.java:18)
